---
layout: post
title: Η καλύτερη κριτική που έχω διαβάσει για τους Led Zeppelin
description: Look at any Led Zep live performance and all you see is a boring meat and potatoes group with a guitarist who continously noodles on his guitar to mask their down right terrible songs. Take away Page’s never ending guitar solos and all you are left with is a really poor songwriter, and it was him who did most of the writing and stealing of songs and giving Plant some of the credit on their records.
summary: 
comments: 
tags: [music, well-said, led-zeppelin]
---

“Saying that Led Zeppelin are overrated and down right shit, will most probably get you killed by the average Led Zep fan boy. The reason is clear as most Led Zep fans that I have encountered have a limited vocabulary as well as a limited knowledge of music. Look at any Led Zep live performance and all you see is a boring meat and potatoes group with a guitarist who continously noodles on his guitar to mask their down right terrible songs. Take away Page’s never ending guitar solos and all you are left with is a really poor songwriter, and it was him who did most of the writing and stealing of songs and giving Plant some of the credit on their records. Page was a below average producer and most of their songs sound like a car crash, coupled with terribly bland, and unamaginative songs that if read from a bit of paper look like they could have been written by an infant. It‘s also important to point out that much of what did succeed in the Led Zep canon was plagiarized. The band have as much as admitted to stealing sections of songs by Willie Dixon, Howling Wolf, Jake Holmes, Traffic, Moby Grape and Eddie Cochran and calling them their own. If Zeppelin had sampled these artists instead of just ripping off chord progressions and lyrical phrases, they’d be in a never-ending legal argument. Can anyone name a singer that is as down right awful and out of tune as Robert Plant? Plant is a terribly annoying lead singer, and his horrible screeeching is seen as singing just because he is loud. Plant’s was a blues poseur and without any decent songs to sing just looked and sounded annoying and all his act consisted of is tuneless breast beating wailing to nonsensical songs. Sadly, Plant‘s vocal style is in lock-step with his bandmates: Led Zeppelin perpetuate a philosophy of more is more. Plant shrieks and howls. Page’s guitar soloing is totally overbearing and Bonham’s drumming sacrifices dynamics for bombast. To top it all the fact that they ripped off so many artists without giving due credit makes these bastards look like shameful criminals who became multi millionaires on the backs of other more talented artists, who never got the credit they deserve because of the media and the moronic fans who have supported this monolithic monstrosity for the past 40 odd years.”

— Signed by “John McNally” on the a Quora thread “[Who would win, Led Zeppelin or The Who?](https://www.quora.com/Who-would-win-Led-Zeppelin-or-The-Who)”.